In this lecture, you're going to learn why passing the Cisco CCNA is such a great choice for your
career.
So, I am here on Monster which is one of the biggest job sites in the UK where I'm from, and I'm going
to plug in all of the other best-known entry and mid-level IT qualifications that you could study for.
So let's start with Microsoft MCSA, and I'm going to see how many job results we're going
to get for it. Okay, if you're qualified as MCSA,
there are 143 job vacancies waiting for you today on the Monster. That's for
Microsoft Windows if you want to go into the server team.
Maybe you're not so interested in Windows. Let's have a look at Linux and the RedHat Certified Systems
Administrator. So, there's about 150 jobs for Microsoft MCSA. For RedHat, there's only 21 jobs.
Okay, let's try other Linux.
There's the Linux Professional Institute (LPI), they do qualifications as well which are popular. Only 12 jobs
for LPI.
Okay, maybe Linux isn't such a good idea.
How about VMware, virtualization in the data center. The main qualification for that is VCP,
and there are 111 VCP jobs currently on the Monster website.
Let me go down the list, so maybe we don't want to work in the server of a data center, server team.
Let's have a look at the other networking qualifications.
We'll start off with CompTIA Network+, well-known and popular.
How many jobs have we got for that?
We've got 72.
Maybe we don't want to do a vendor-neutral CompTIA qualification. Maybe we want to do the Juniper
qualification.
The JNCIA is their equivalent of the CCNA. We've got 40 jobs for that.
So, all of these jobs are coming in around maybe 50 or 100 vacancies right now.
Maybe we're not going to do server team or networking. Maybe we want to be on security.
Security is meant to be hot this year. So let's have a search for CompTIA Security,
and if you've got the Security+ qualification, there's 179 jobs waiting for you.
That's a little bit higher, a little bit better, still under 200.
Another well-known security qualification is CEH, the Certified Ethical Hacker, and CEH is way down
at 22 jobs again.
Okay, so all of the other entry or mid-level popular qualifications I could think of are coming in under
200 vacancies today.
Most of them are around 50, a few of them are up around 150.
Let's have a look for the Cisco CCNA then and see if it's any better.
Okay,
513 jobs waiting for you
once you've got the Cisco CCNA qualification. So you can see from that that Cisco, the CCNA,
it's killing all of the other qualifications out there.
This is the best qualification to do
if you want to break into an IT role.
So, I'm really glad to have you on the course. I'm really happy that I'm going to help you pass this qualification.
It's going to make a huge difference to your career and your life.